???: [I know everyone is worried, but I think they’re acting a little too crude.]

While preparing dinner for everyone inside the Pleiades Watchtower, Petra expressed her thoughts on the awkward atmosphere.

It had already been half a day since they arrived at the tower, and they had a time limit of three days for their stay, so Subaru and the others had rushed to the library to search for the book they were looking for.

Petra was busy preparing dinner for the group, who would surely come back hungry, but the atmosphere in the library nearby was terrible.

Petra: [Neither Subaru nor Garf-san were able to concentrate on finding the book at all. Hey, are you listening?]

In response to Petra’s question, the one who nodded absentmindedly with a “Yeah, I hear you” was Meili. She scooped out some of the contents of the pot Petra was heating on the stove with a small spoon and tasted it,

Meili: [Yes, this is deli~cious. Petra-chan, your cooking is getting better and be~tter.]

Petra: [Thanks, but I still have a long way to go before I can reach the heights of Frederica-neesama, so I have to keep working hard. Besides that, the formidable Rem-neesama has returned…]

Meili: [Would she really be a formidable oppo~nent? Ram Onee-san’s younger sister doesn’t remember anything, ri~ght? Then, I don’t think they are any threat to you, Petra-chan, either in cooking or anything el~se.]

Petra: [You don’t know that. She fell in love with him once, so it wouldn’t be strange at all for her to fall in love with him again… or rather, I think it’s already a little strange.]

Petra lowered her voice and questioned the atmosphere between Subaru and Rem.

Having been asleep for a long time, Rem’s awakening made Petra happy. Subaru and Ram had always been concerned about her, and Petra had also looked after her as she slept every day. She was fully aware of how cherished Rem was.

To be honest, she also thought that if Rem had not woken up sooner, she would not have been able to assess her love rival’s strength.

When Petra met Rem in person and spoke with her, she got quite a good impression from her earnest and hardworking attitude, but there was something off―― something strange about her. Due to her lack of memory, she had quite a few disputes with Subaru, and even now, she seemed to be responding to him in a relatively cold and harsh manner.

Petra: [But, it’s still strange.]

Meili: [Hmmm, I see~. But Onii-san might have that kind of side to hi~m. No matter how much I gla~re at him, he makes it all seem kind of silly~.]

Petra: [Yeah, that’s right. I thought Subaru was a strange person at first too… Wait, wasn’t the way you just said that strange, Meili-chan?]

Meili: [Stop i~t, you worry too mu~ch.]

Meili stuck out her tongue and raised her hands with a displeased look on her face. Petra stared at her with a “mu~” expression and withdrew her suspicion for the time being.

Before departing for the Empire, Meili had said that Petra was overthinking things when she returned from the Pleiades Watchtower, but Petra thought it was not a bad idea to be this cautious when it came to Subaru.

Anyone could understand Subaru’s appeal if they spent some time with him. And if they understood his appeal, the possibility of their feelings turning into something more special would increase dramatically.

Petra: [Even in the empire, he made a good impression on a lot of people while he was away from us… Subaru increased the number of people who liked him by about a thousand.]

Meili: [That’s got to be an exaggera~tion. A thousand people is way too much…]

Petra: [The number kept going up. It was mostly men, so that was good, but you can’t let your guard down.]

Meili, who had not seen the real thing, laughed it off as a joke, but Petra was not in the mood to laugh it off.

While clenching her fist vigorously, she stirred the pot with her other hand to prevent it from boiling over, but her heart was always overflowing with thoughts of Subaru.

If she did not do so he would surely wander away from her sights, unconsciously approach someone hurt, and go to great lengths for them.

――Just like how now they were at the tower to help Al move forward.

Petra: [So, about Al-san…]

Meili: [Oh, you were saying something about being crude or wha~t not. What do you mean by tha~t?]

Petra: [I’m just saying what I see. Subaru and Garf-san are too obvious in their attempts to keep an eye on Al-san…]

Meili: [True, those two don’t seem like they’d be good at keeping an eye on some~one. …Which person is Al-sa~n? The little guy? The guy in the helmet?]

Petra: [Meili-chan…]

After she had finished tasting the food, Meili moved away from the pot and sat down on the luggage that was lying there. As she rested her chin on her hands and gave that disinterested response, Petra pouted and said, “geez.”

As she only joined the group partway through, and had therefore only heard bits and pieces of what happened in the empire, it was no wonder――,

Petra: [Don’t act like you’re already done with your work. You’re one of us, Meili-chan, so try to take an interest in it.]

Meili: [Even if you say that, I don’t have any work until we head ho~me. Even if you tell me not to look like I’m all done, I can’t help i~t… Also, Petra-chan, I don’t think I’m cut out to be a member of your grou~p.]

Petra: [You don’t have to worry about that anymore. After all, didn’t you go to the Capital and get the Council of Wise Men’s pardon? You should be proud of yourself. Hold your head up high, with that cute face of yours.]

Meili: [Ye~s, it is a cute face.]

Petra sighed at Meili, who sat with her hands on her cheeks and a serious expression on her face, not even a smile.

Meili really was not a bad girl at heart, but she had become so used to pretending to be a bad girl that it had become a way of life for her. She herself had started to lose track of whether she was being genuine or pretending. Probably.

Petra: [Ugh… There are so many people I have to teach from square one…]

Meili: [You always seem so busy, Petra-cha~n. I wonder if you ever get ti~red.]

Petra: [You’re one of the causes! Besides…]

Meili: [Besi~des?]

Petra: [I can’t say I’m tired. If even the person I want to rest the most doesn’t rest, it makes it even harder to raise the issue, don’t you think?]

Meili: [――――]

Petra: [Oh, the person I want to rest isn’t Otto-san, okay? Otto-san should himself make some time and get a good night’s sleep. At least six hours a day!]

Although Otto was used to not sleeping, it was, unlike Roswaal, not because he did not need much sleep, but because he was just overdoing it. As proof, there were times when he would sleep for more than half a day like a corpse after he had finished a big job.

Petra: [Even though I’ve told him that he shouldn’t compare himself to Master, who is cheating with his own constitution, he doesn’t listen to me at all.]

Meili: [Hehe… I’m not good at talking like that either, bu~t you really don’t like that lord, do you, Petra-cha~n? Aren’t you relieved that you’re not with hi~m?]

Petra: [That’s true. Because of that, I ended up going separately from Frederica-neesama, but it means that she trusts me.]

This was the first time that Petra had been left in charge of a long journey of ten days or more, although she had been left in charge for a day or two previously. At the meeting of the Western Margrave, and on the journey to the Empire, Frederica or Ram were always with her. This time, however, Petra was left on her own.

For that reason, her enthusiasm was different. She had to keep an eye on everyone.

Petra: [That’s why I’m worried about Al-san too… He’s the one with the helmet.]

Meili: [Yeah, yeah, he’s quite a conspicuous ma~n. isn’t he the reason we came to the to~wer?]

Petra: [That’s right. He really wanted to read a certain Book of the Dead… I think it’s a good thing, if reading it makes him feel better.]

Meili: [――? That’s a strange way of putting i~t. Does Al really worry you that mu~ch?]

Petra: [Well, no, I’m more worried about Subaru and Garf-san than I am about Al-san.]

At Petra’s answer, Meili tilted her head and asked, “About Onii-san and the othe~rs?“ It seemed that she was more interested in this than the topic of Al, and she looked at Petra with a frown.

Petra responded to Meili’s gaze with a “because” and continued,

Petra: [They both think too much about things like it’s their own problem. When your family, friends, or other important people are feeling down, you know how sometimes you get so caught up in trying to cheer them up that you end up getting depressed too?]

Meili: […Who know~s? Is that so~?]

Petra: [Maybe I was foolish to ask you, Meili-chan…]

Petra, who was seeking sympathy, was met with a blank expression from Meili. Feeling a lack of a response, as if pushing against a strong tide, Petra’s worries were directed at Subaru and Garfiel in a six to four ratio.

Petra had also heard from Subaru and the others that there was a suspicion that Al’s purpose in searching for Priscilla’s Book of the Dead was to resurrect her.

She had no idea whether this was actually possible, but if it was, Petra could understand why Subaru and the others would want to keep a close eye on Al’s every move.

Petra: [But, even though I originally wanted Al-san to read the book, I now feel like it might be the opposite, and my head and heart are at odds with each other.]

Petra knew that when there was a discrepancy between one’s head and heart, between reason and emotion, their performance would suffer dramatically. Not just for Petra but for anyone, it went without saying that one’s results would be better when one’s sense of purpose and actual actions were in sync.

Now, could it really be said that Subaru and the others had their minds and actions in sync?

Petra: [――――]

Meili: [If you ask me, Petra-chan thinks too much, too~. ――Oh~?]

And, looking at Petra’s contemplative profile, Meili noticed something and spoke up. Drawn in by the voice, Petra asked “What?” as her eyes fell on someone who had appeared in the entrance to the room.

On the fourth floor there were many rooms, and as Petra and her friend were preparing dinner in one of the rooms, they were visited by the person they had just been talking about――,

???: [Yo, I thought something smelled good, are you two girls preparing dinner?]

Saying so, Al gave a light wave and walked over. Flam was quietly following behind him, probably to make sure he was not left alone.

Petra was at a loss for words momentarily at the unexpected appearance of the pair, but,

Meili: [Ye~s, dinner is being prepared… but I’m just watch~ing, Petra-chan is the one co~oking.]

Al: [What, you’re blatantly slacking off? Is what I’d like to say, but Miss Meili has done a great job on the way here. I can’t really speak all high and mighty to you.]

Meili: [Of co~urse. As long as I’m here, no one can disobey me, you kno~w.]

Al: [No doubt, no doubt. Thank you, thank you.]

Al made a bow to the pompous Meili while using only his right hand to make a gesture of gratitude. While those two talked to each other, Flam walked over to Petra who was mixing a pot,

Flam: [Thank you for your hard work. I apologize for leaving the preparation of our meal to you.]

Petra: [Oh, it’s fine. Flam-chan, you were taking care of Ezzo-san until we got here, right? You can leave it to us for a while.]

Flam: [Thank you. Ezzo-sama has a bad habit of quickly forgetting to eat or sleep because he is so absorbed in what is in front of him; it is a problem.]

Petra: [I am familiar with that type of person as well…]

At Flam’s sincere words, Petra nodded deeply out of sympathy.

Flam was also a servant, but she was probably one or two years younger than Petra. She was born into a family that served the Astrea family, so she may have more experience as a servant than Petra, but――,

Petra: [Let’s work hard together as the caretakers for everyone. You can talk to me about anything.]

Striking her own chest, Petra spoke to Flam like she was her older sister.

No matter how much her work skills improved, Petra’s position as the youngest in the camp would not change. No matter how hard she worked, age was the only thing she could not catch up to or surpass, and that was the downside of being the youngest.

Of course, with Beatrice and Emilia being over four hundred and one hundred years old respectively, she could not act like an Onee-san with them, despite their cuteness.

Therefore, the opportunity to be in contact with someone clearly younger than herself, such as Schult and Utakata in the Empire, was invaluable to Petra.

Flam: [Thank you, Petra-sama. I will do so immediately.]

Petra: [Yes, yes, what is it?]

Flam: [No matter how many times I have told him, the young master has not gotten out of the habit of treating both my sister and myself like children. What should I do?]

Petra: [You mean R-Reinhard-san~?]

With the immediate subject of the consultation suddenly being a big one, Petra was very unsure of how to respond.

Although Reinhard van Astrea and Petra did not know each other directly, everyone in the Kingdom of Lugunica has at least heard rumors of the Knight Amongst Knights.

Petra’s opinion was that Subaru was more amazing as a Knight, but it would be remiss to make such an assessment of someone she had never met in person.

In any case――,

Petra: [However, I know how it feels to be treated like a child when you do not want to be treated like one. In the meantime, you should stop letting him pat you on the head.]

Flam: [The head… well, myself aside, Grassis does not seem to mind being patted on the head by the young master. Myself aside.]

Petra: [It’s not like I dislike it or anything, you know? I do not dislike it per se, but the sense of distance in a relationship like that isn’t good.]

Petra herself was in the process of trying to rectify this stalemate in a relationship. Therefore, her answers to Flam’s questions were very specific.

Hearing the response Petra gave with her fists clenched, Al cleared his throat.

Petra: [Hm, Al-san, what do you need.]

Al: [My bad my bad. But the advice you gave to Flam-chan is a little off the mark. It looks like Flam-chan and you have different feelings..]

Petra: [Eh, really? Do you not like Reinhard-san?]

Flam: [I do like the young master, but not as someone of the opposite sex.]

Petra: [Oh, um, right…]

While embarrassed for jumping to the wrong conclusion, Petra stuck out her tongue a bit. And then, she turned her attention to Al and continued with, “That’s surprising”,

Petra: [Al-san, you actually understand this sort of thing.]

Al: [Oi oi, I’m a mature old man you know? I’ve been through the sweet and the bitter, though mostly through other people.]

Petra: [If it’s other people, then you can’t boast about it right??]

Al: [It’s not boasting, y’know. It’s self depreciation, self depreciation… oops.]

Shrugging his shoulders, Al’s stomach suddenly growled. Petra loosened her lips to that,

Petra: [Please wait a little longer. I will be finished soon.]

Al: [Ah~, my bad for the rush. This one’s not on me, it’s on my growling stomach.]

Petra responded with a nod and a “Yes sir” to the talkative Al.

And then while exchanging light banter with Al, Petra feared that Subaru and Garfiel’s attitude towards him was excessive.

She understood why they worried with all of the varied, tangled assumptions. But at the very least Al could pretend to make a recovery. A truly down and depressed person was incapable of that kind of care for the people around them.

Meili: [Old man, you sure do eat.]

Although probably not reading Petra’s mind, Meili spoke to Al. Al responded with “Of course” to Meili’s words and fiddled with the seams of his helmet.

Al: [Being hungry is a problem… not eating or drinking drops your performance and doesn’t it actually take you further away from your goal?]

Meili: [That’s true. But, not drinking, eating, or sleeping is an option. You only have three days after all.]

Petra: [Meili-chan…]

Al: [No no, I don’t mind. I’m aware I have a limit, and it’s obvious to think, are you really serious when you’re taking it that easy?]

Waving his hand, Al could not rebuke Meili’s words that hit the mark too well. Then, he tapped his helmet with the nails of his waving hand and continued with a “But”,

Al: [I’m the princess’s jester. To say I’ll struggle in a desperate frenzy… I think that’s a bit off.]

Petra: [Al-san…]

Al: [Also, it’s true I promised a limit of three days but, it’s not set in stone right? Nothing is measured exactly by an hourglass. Don’t you think if I cry, cling and beg, I could pull off an extra half day or so?]

Petra: [――Pfft!]

Petra could not help but burst out laughing when he suddenly brought up such a convenient argument after speaking in such a serious tone.

Truly, if Al really did cry, cling, and beg then they would probably need to extend their stay half a day.

However――,

Petra: [That would be inconvenient for us. Please make sure to properly drink, eat and make time to sleep.]

If they relied on that from the beginning, then there would be no point in a deadline. Above all, the strictness that the rest of them could not do, it was Petra’s job to properly speak that aloud.

Even if she knew that they may eventually overrule her.

Petra: [During these three days, I will be doing my best to help Al-san with Subaru and the others. ――Okay, it’s ready.]

Al: [So strict. Woah.]

While he said that, Petra transferred the contents of the pan into a bowl then lightly gave a sample to Al. Al took it, raised the chin of his helmet then brought it to his lips,

Al: [Hot, hot… But, it’s tasty.]

He said in a soft mutter. Petra was satisfied with that.

△▼△▼△▼△

???: [I dare say, apart from the Sage who created this library, I am perhaps the person who has read more Books of the Dead than anyone else in the world. Allow me to state my perspective: I believe that what ultimately makes this library special, is that it allows for the vicarious reliving of lost history.]

After dinner had concluded, Subaru and the others reentered the Library of Taygeta.

There, while helping Al find the book he was seeking, as well as simultaneously keeping an eye on Al’s movements, Ezzo had been giving a lecture to the preoccupied Subaru along with the others.

Ezzo’s voice, contrary to his appearance, was low-pitched and projected well in the high-ceilinged library.

Even though they were in different camps, and did not share the same goals, his kindness in getting along with them in this way was commendable. However, since Flam was uninterested in joining in on such topics, it could just be that his eagerness to speak on them had exploded.

Regardless, since it was an interesting subject, it was not boring to listen to.

Beatrice: [Even so, calling it “reliving lost history” is quite an exaggeration, in fact. I am aware that a Book of the Dead gives a glimpse into the life of the one who has died, but the scale is different, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Strictly speaking, Miss Beatrice’s understanding is unimpeachable. However, that would only be from a perspective limited to a single book. On the other hand, when extrapolated across multiple books, the situation changes.]

Since they had split up to look through the bookshelves, they tended to speak quite loudly; it felt like talking out loud in a school library, and brought with it a trifling sense of guilty pleasure.

As they continued to talk across the bookshelves, Subaru tilted his head at Ezzo’s reply.

Subaru: [Come to think of it, Ezzo-san has read more than ten Books, right… The Books of the Dead, since you can only read the ones of people you personally knew, isn’t that a pretty high strike rate?] [1]

Garfiel: [Even tho’ he’s spent all this time holed up in here, I’d agree with ya. I’ve been lookin’ for more than half a day now, but not a single name my amazin’ self knows has come up.]

Beatrice: [This is a really low strike rate, in fact… Names that are familiar are many, I suppose. But, the names of acquaintances are an entirely different matter, in fact.]

Holding hands with Subaru and looking at the same bookshelf as he was, Beatrice muttered so in a whisper.

In fact, having lived for four hundred years, the walking encyclopedia that was Beatrice had come across several familiar names every now and then. Perhaps out of concern, she had not made an effort to mention them, but every time she had found one, since there was a reaction from their linked hands, it was not something she could keep hidden from Subaru.

Subaru, as well, had not thought to ask about the people she did not mention.

Al: [To lie here and brag about being a lucky boy, I don’t think Ezzo-san is so vain. If y’know some sorta trick to such good luck, could you please teach it to me?]

Ezzo: [I am sorry to break it to you, but the secret is not luck, Al-dono. Natsuki-dono and his companions ought to be slightly more flexible… and should start by doubting the premise.]

Subaru: [The premise?]

Garfiel: [Doubt it, ya say?]

Ezzo was an eloquent speaker, and yet Subaru and Garfiel furrowed their brows at the proposition he had presented. Ezzo, on the other hand, seemed pleased with their response, saying “Yes!” with evident elation in his voice,

Ezzo: [As Natsuki-dono said, in order for a Book of the Dead to exhibit its potential to the fullest, one must be acquainted with the person in question. I can think of a few reasons why such a restriction might be imposed, but they are all merely speculation, so let us put them aside for the time being. What matters is, given that premise, to relive the lives of those who have died a long time ago… during the Era of the Witches, for example, could be deemed infeasible.]

Subaru: [I really don’t want to look into those, even if I could, but… that premise, you doubt it?]

Garfiel: [Ya sayin’ it can happen? That people other than acquaintances can get to look into ‘em?]

Beatrice: [If such a cheating technique existed, Ezzo would have read more than just twelve Books, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Hahaha, it is certainly thrilling to have my inquisitiveness recognized as such!]

Although it did not seem like a compliment, Beatrice’s words had put Ezzo in a good mood.

Ezzo seemed like someone who would have been suited to a position like a teacher, and Subaru thought seriously about what he said, but an answer could not come to mind straight away.

Instead――,

Al: [――Though it feels unlikely, a possibility does come to mind.]

Ezzo: [Oh, splendid! Then, perhaps you could explain the possibility that you have surmised?]

Al: [The premise is that you can only read the Books of people you know. Since that’s the case, you can’t read the Books of those who died long ago. ――But, if you know someone who died a long time ago, then you can.]

Subaru: [Wait, that’s true, but weren’t we just saying that it can’t be done?]

Al: [Is that so? You can do it in this place, don’t you think?]

Stating thus, Al made a gesture of looking around the Library of Taygeta. Subaru was initially slow to comprehend what Al had said, and became lost in thought.

But, concerning the point of destroying the premise, and the way Al had just spoken, he did arrive at such a possibility.

That was――,

Subaru: [If you were to read someone’s Book of the Dead, you could relive their life. Which implies that, compared to prior to reading the Book, the range of people you would know would have expanded. If that’s the case, then…]

Beatrice: [By increasingly stacking up acquaintances through this reliving, the number of lives that can be experienced, as well as the time traversed backwards, can also be increased, in fact. What Ezzo meant finally makes sense, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Reliving lost history…!]

Taking over from Al’s speculation, Subaru and Beatrice, having found such means of utilizing the Books of the Dead, looked towards Ezzo.

Before the eyes of Subaru and the others, he slipped out from behind a bookshelf, spread his arms wide, and nodded.

Ezzo: [Brilliant. It is such a pleasure to see young people solve difficult problems by thinking through it on their own. I, too, although walking ahead of you, find my heart racing.]

Al: [Ahh, sorry, but I’m older than you, Ezzo-san.]

Beatrice: [Betty, too, finds it upsetting to be treated like a young person, in fact. You are making light of a Great Spirit who has lived for four hundred years, I suppose.]

Ezzo: [Ahem, I have been rude! However, Natsuki-dono and Garfiel-dono are young people, right? If only you had observed their faces when they arrived at the realization…]

Garfiel: [Gao…]

The words of the exultant Ezzo came to a stop at the displeasure evident in Garfiel’s expression.

Garfiel, who had been counting something with both of his hands, his emerald-green eyes filled with confusion, tried his best to digest what Subaru and the others had just discussed, and ended up short-circuiting.

Garfiel: [By readin’ the Books, the guys ya know’ll increase? That’ll increase, but the Books left to read’ll decrease? Increase? I don’t get what y’all are sayin’…]

Subaru: […It’s okay, Garfiel. What we were discussing just now, it isn’t relevant to what we are trying to do right now, and it’s something that you can get by without knowing.]

Subaru gave a wry smile as he comforted Garfiel, who seemed to have many question marks floating above his head.

At any rate, they now knew the reason why Ezzo had been able to read twelve Books of the Dead. He had not hit the lottery by being endowed with the absurd luck needed to read Twelve Books of the Dead; rather, he dealt with the situation by taking a drastic measure to increase the number of Books that he could read―― by his vicarious experience with the Books of the Dead, he became acquainted with more of the dead in them.

And, just as Ezzo had surmised, by doing so repeatedly, it should have allowed for going back in history a century or two, and it might have even been feasible to look into the time of the Witches from four hundred years ago, which he had given as an example.

Unfortunately, Subaru was not interested in that era, but――,

Subaru: [――Satella.]

For but a moment, a name flashed across Subaru’s mind, and he closed his eyes to shake off the wicked thought.

Although he had said he held no interest in what had transpired four hundred years ago, there was one name in particular that did intrigue him. However, the person with that name had not died, but was rather sealed, or so it was said.

Consequently, her Book would not exist within this library, but even if her Book was here, Subaru was unsure if he would be able to read it. ――To be precise, there really were no means of ensuring it, and honestly, he did not want to find out.

Subaru: [But, even if you know how to get it done, I think reading twelve Books would be suicidal. Impressive work.]

Ezzo: [Of course, even if I had used techniques to empty my mind, it was by no means an easy feat. Each time I read through a Book, it was necessary to separate the original me from the information that flowed in. Concerning safety, about two days of rest would be needed in between.]

Ezzo continued to be quite reckless, but realizing that it was a well-thought-out kind of recklessness, Subaru felt slightly more at ease. However, if he had started a Book every two days, given the present state of having completed twelve Books, it seemed slightly doubtful if that pacing matched.

In any case――,

Al: [I’m not sure I should use the term enjoyable here, but this conversation has certainly been interesting. Thank you.]

Ezzo: [There is a fine line between interest and enjoyment. So long as you are careful about the manner in which it is expressed, there is no need to blame yourself for how you feel. Likewise, for listening to my lecture, you have my gratitude.]

Al: [Thank you.]

Watching as Al politely said so in response to Ezzo’s lecture, Subaru felt like he was beginning to regain his composure.

It did feel dangerous the first time he had so suddenly and carelessly reached for a Book of the Dead; but, even though Priscilla’s Book had not yet been found, the sense of danger that seemed to be emanating from Al’s entire body seemed to have faded considerably.

Although there were still times when he made somewhat self-deprecating remarks, he was honestly relieved to hear a little bit more of the frivolity that was typical of Al.

Subaru: [As expected, it’s hard on the psyche to be in a situation where you’re constantly doubting someone.]

As Subaru said this, he recalled his early days in the Vollachian Empire.

In a situation where he did not know anyone around him, unaware of whom to trust and whom not to, the time he had spent in constant fear of such things had been quite taxing upon his psyche. In the end, the Pleiades Battalion from the Gladiator Island, and eventually Emilia and the others had joined together with him, thereby alleviating such fears.

And so, with the weight on his shoulders lightened, it was when Subaru pulled himself together and looked at the bookshelf.

――He had discovered a Book of the Dead with the name 菜月Natsuki・昴Subaru inscribed upon it.

Subaru: [――――]

With bated breath, Subaru motionlessly stared at that Book of the Dead.

It was the same thing that had happened last time. Taking Subaru’s Book of the Dead being present in the library as par for the course, the act of reading it had served as the key for the “Natsuki Subaru” bereft of his memories to return to being Natsuki Subaru.

Nonetheless, being faced with it once again caused his stomach to sink. Without any further delay, he decided to avert his eyes from that Book of the Dead and leave the area,

Subaru: [No…]

Wait; Subaru put the brakes on himself.

Subaru’s Book of the Dead being here, was fine. However, would it not be dangerous to avert his gaze and leave it there as it was? ――Present here was Al, who, like Subaru, had been summoned from their original world to this parallel one.

The title of the Book was 菜月Natsuki・昴Subaru written in kanji, but Al might be able to read it. Then, if Al were to find the Book of 菜月Natsuki・昴Subaru and heedlessly open it, then was it not quite likely to give rise to some tremendously complicated developments?

For Al to learn of the outrageous things that had occurred in the life Subaru had started in this other world from zero until now, was fine. ――The problem was, if that overlapped with the penalty of learning about Return by Death, Subaru did not know what sort of inconveniences it might bring about.

Subaru: [――――]

The one who seemed to bestow the power of Return by Death upon him, the Witch of Envy―― Satella, Subaru had no choice but to recognize that she did not bear any malice towards him. But on the other hand, it was the truth that he did not believe in the Witch enough to think she would ease up on the penalty.

So, in order to ensure that such a thing did not inadvertently occur, should he not then hide the Book?

Beatrice: [Subaru? You have been quite fidgety for a while now, in fact? Do you need to use the toilet, I suppose?]

Subaru: [No, that’s not it… umm, to tell you the truth, I found quite an inconvenient Book of the Dead, so if possible I want to move it to a place that’s harder to find.]

Beatrice: [Inconvenient… don’t tell me, have you located Priscilla’s Book, in fact?]

Subaru: [I guess it’s only natural you’d think so. But no, it’s not that.]

At Beatrice’s suspicion, Subaru shook his head from side-to-side.

He could not reveal Return by Death to Beatrice either, and he had avoided explaining it until now through the power of their bond, but this was a bit of a difficult situation.

Of course, Beatrice could not read kanji, so she could not read the title of 菜月Natsuki・昴Subaru. Having said that, it would be in bad faith to irresponsibly deceive her and hide the Book.

That was why――,

Subaru: [Beako, this is a Book that absolutely must not be read. If someone were to mess up and read it, it’s possible that the Witch of Envy will reach her hands out of her shrine again.]

Beatrice: [Y-you’re speaking of outrageous things all of a sudden, I suppose…! Out of her shrine again, does that mean Subaru will be sent away to the Empire all over again, in fact? Such a thing must not be allowed to happen, I suppose!]

Subaru: [I think the same, and in reality, it might end up coming true. That’s why…]

Saying those words, Subaru pulled the Book in question of 菜月Natsuki・昴Subaru out from the bookshelf. While being careful not to open it and inadvertently live through his own experiences again, he softly whispered into Beatrice’s ear.

Hearing that, Beatrice knit her eyebrows as she nodded seriously,

Beatrice: [Murak.]

Then, Beatrice activated her Yin Magic, making Subaru’s body as light as a feather. Liberated from the yoke of gravity, Subaru hopped on top of a bookshelf and stealthily hid the withdrawn Book there.

Subaru: [It’s like I’m a naughty brat who’s up to some serious mischief in the library…]

It was an act that would trouble the librarian, since a Book had not been returned to its original location. In front of Beatrice, who had worked as the librarian of the Forbidden Library for many years, it was an act that lacked the fear of God, but there was no other choice.

After three days, right before they would leave the Tower with Al, he would need to make sure to remember to return it to its original place.

Subaru: [Though, there’s the concern that Ezzo-san finds it with his curious mind and then reads it… I mean, it would be really bad if anybody reads it, so maybe it would be better to just dispose of it right away?]

???: [Dispose of what, bro?]

Subaru: [UOOOOWAHHH!?]

Having returned to Beatrice after hiding the Book, he had been racking his brains to think of how to handle the Book of 菜月Natsuki・昴Subaru, and that was when a voice suddenly called to his back, causing him to shriek.

Causing that extreme shriek to reverberate throughout the archive, Subaru turned around; standing there was Al, taken aback by Subaru’s exaggerated reaction.

Al: [Oioi, you’re getting way too startled. I was just trying to make small talk.]

Subaru: [Ah, yeah, sorry for frightening you. I let out a way louder scream than I meant to.]

Al: [Nahh, wasn’t that big a deal for me, if anything, wasn’t it a bigger issue for her?]

Subaru: [Her?]

Then, looking to where Al was pointing, Subaru let out an “Ah” as he looked at Beatrice. Crouching down, Beatrice covered both her ears with her hands, tears welling in her eyes,

Beatrice: [W-wh-wha-what kind of loud voice was that, in fact…!? My ears, Betty’s ears are ringing, they’ve begun to ring, I suppose!]

Subaru: [I’m sorry! It wasn’t on purpose! I love you!]

Beatrice: [I cannot hear you, in fact! Say it in a louder voice, I suppose!]

Subaru: [Beako lovely! Beako pretty!]

As Beatrice drew ever closer to crying, Subaru earnestly appealed to her through love. Puffing up her cheeks, Beatrice kept silent after hearing Subaru’s words, and then gave a deep sigh.

And then,

Beatrice: [Well, considering your feelings of love towards Betty, it will be pardoned, in fact. Display your gratitude to my generosity, I suppose.]

Subaru: [I’m grateful, I’m grateful, many thanks, I love you forever. ――Well then, umm.]

Stroking Beatrice’s head as she withdrew her tears, Subaru turned to face Al once again. Al, who had been watching over his lovey-dovey time with Beatrice, prefaced with “Ah, you done?” as he fiddled with the fixtures on his helmet,

Al: [Whenever I look at it, you really are deeply in love with that Spirit of yours, aren’t you bro? Sorry for getting in the way of your honeymoon.]

Subaru: [Don’t worry about that at this point. If anything, delaying my time with Emilia-tan and the others after returning from the Empire is way more… wait no, I’m sorry!]

When Al lightheartedly made banter, Subaru had tried to respond in his usual tone, but realizing that he was making an exceedingly careless comment, he covered his mouth with his hand.

However, while Subaru was regretting that comment, Al put on a wry smile,

Al: [Welp, you aren’t wrong. You’re completely right, bro. Rather, lemme thank you again. Even if it’s just three days, it must have been troublesome to set aside this time for me.]

Al conveyed his gratitude, to which Subaru could not easily come up with a reply.

In their journey to the Pleiades Watchtower to search for a Book of the Dead, it was none other than Al himself who had proposed a sojourn of three days at the Tower. Of course, that may have also just been to increase his chances of being accompanied by Subaru and the others in order to arrive at the Tower safely.

However, Subaru also took this as proof that Al could not be that selfish.

Al: [Beako-chan, I’m sorry for bringing bro along with me. Thanks for coming with us.]

Beatrice: [――. It is a matter of course that Betty is together with Subaru, in fact. Also, Betty is not so benevolent as to repeat the same warning many times, I suppose. Correct it by yourself, in fact.]

Al: [Gotcha, gotcha. ――She’s very kind, your kid.]

Subaru: [Yeah, that’s right. With a light body that’s just like fluffy cotton-candy, filled to maximum capacity with kindness and loveliness, that’s Beako.]

Replying to Al’s whisper, Subaru relinked his hand with Beatrice’s. Seeing the exchange between Subaru and Al, Beatrice seemed to hide her embarrassment with a, “Hmph, I suppose”, as she turned her face away.

Loosening his lips at Beatrice’s charming reaction, Subaru heaved a sigh, and,

Subaru: [Al, how’s the library?]

Al: [――. As you can see, no results just yet. I thought that it might be possible if I had three days, but man I’m really at a loss with this number of books. It’s really on the level of finding a single needle dropped in a desert, isn’t it?]

Subaru: [――――]

As Al gestured toward the rest of the archive with his single hand, his words were not entirely mistaken.

In this world―― nay, since this Great Library Pleiades was created, just how many people had lost their lives? The idea of ascertaining that, one book at a time, was overwhelming.

Much less, when just like Ezzo said, the books were increasing every second, let alone every day.

Subaru: [But, don’t give up man. We’re all here to lend you a hand.]

Al: [Bro…]

Beatrice: [That’s right, in fact. To end things with a broken heart due to not finding it despite making this much of a detour before returning to the mansion, will not be permitted, I suppose. That’s why you mustn’t give up, in fact.]

Al: [――――]

At the sequence of words from Subaru and Beatrice, Al silently cast his eyes down. Seeing him opening and closing his lowered right hand, Subaru felt an air of hesitation about him.

That was what Subaru had hoped―― putting it like that was far too cold-hearted, but having done something similar, it was a reaction he had wanted to elicit from Al.

With the objective of reading Priscilla’s Book of the Dead, Al had come to the Pleiades Watchtower.

However, by actually laying eyes upon the library, and still focusing on the act of processing Priscilla’s death, Subaru hoped that Al would be able to recover even if he was unable to read the Book.

As proof of that, Al’s depreciating statements of clear self-abandonment had decreased, and his attitude had softened.

The fact that he would then also begin to feel guilt because of that, Subaru understood.

Therefore, he added on.

Subaru: [Al, when Beako and I say to not give up, we aren’t talking about finding the Book. We’re telling you to not give up on the things you can be satisfied with.]

Al: [Satisfied…?]

Subaru: [Yeah. Not stuff like “I got fed up with it” or “I didn’t have enough time”, but to draw a conclusion through your own thoughts. That’s what I think it means, to find satisfaction.]

If he was unable to communicate it well, then Subaru thought this might come off as a terribly insensitive comment.

Depending on how it was interpreted, it might have sounded like he was trying to persuade him to be satisfied with Priscilla’s death. But that was not what Subaru wished to say. It was not that, it was not a matter of whether Priscilla was dead or alive, but rather, to face the matter of Priscilla’s death, and truly believe that he had confronted it enough, was to be satisfied.

Mourning her, remembering her, and finding closure somewhere. ――That, was necessary.

For that purpose――,

Subaru: [For three days, see through to it with all you’ve got until you’re satisfied. I’ll also, we’ll also accompany you with everything we’ve got.]

Beatrice: [I told you before, you mustn’t have such unhealthy practices like depriving yourself of sleep and rest, I suppose. You’ll become Otto, in fact.]

As Subaru made a reassuring appeal, Beatrice winked as she added that on.

Hearing the words of the pair, Al slightly inhaled, and then slowly raising his helmet, he sighed. That was a long, long, so long that it seemed like a large mass of something was slipping out of him, sigh.

Al: [Three days, huh?]

Subaru: [Yeah. No extensions… Well, if you seriously beg for it I may end up thinking about it, but don’t count on it from the start!?]

Beatrice: [If we return later than expected, we’ll get a severe scolding from Emilia, I suppose.]

Subaru: [A severe scolding from Emilia-tan…! Though, that would still be an adorable sight in and of itself.]

No matter what emotions, what expression, or what angle, Emilia was so cute that his eyes would cease all functionality, but he had already worried her enough.

If possible, he only wanted to see positive faces such as smiles and bashful expressions from here on out.

Subaru: [Well, no matter the expression, the truth of EMT shall never waver, but…]

As Subaru said that, he shrugged his shoulders at Beatrice’s dumbfounded expression, and looked back at Al.

Then, meeting Subaru’s gaze head-on, Al nodded, and――,

Al: [――Ol Shamak.]

――The next instant, the world of Natsuki Subaru cut to black.

△▼△▼△▼△

Al: [Three days. With three days, there’d be some caution that something might happen on the third day.]

That which fell onto the Library of Taygeta’s floor with a high-pitched clunk, about to roll away, he pinned down with his toes to keep it from escaping.

Al: [The corollary of that, is that a person would let their guard down the most right after a nice chat on the evening of the first day.]

Squatting in place, he picked up the black orb that his toes had halted.

Cold and hard to the touch, it felt somewhat like a glass ball, but it was no object so fragile. It would be troubling if it were. ――This, was a gaol capable of capturing even a Witch.

Al: [I understand, bro… no, Natsuki Subaru. ――I won’t kill you.]

It seemed that there were some who would become desperate in their attempts to murder Natsuki Subaru no matter the cost, doing so with reckless abandon, but none of them understood. Even if that were indeed done, there would be zero meaning to it.

If that were to be done, it would be Natsuki Subaru’s battlefield.

One must never fight against Natsuki Subaru on his battlefield.

That was to say――,

Al: [It’s starting, Teacher. ――So that I may be myself.]

Priscilla Barielle, was no longer among them.

Ergo, Al―― Aldebaran, in order to accomplish the original objective he had once abandoned, began to act.

――The battle to remove Natsuki Subaru from this world, commenced.
